[Outlook](legacy tokens) Revised timeline for turning off Exchange tokens (#5017)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/faq-nested-app-auth-outlook-legacy-tokens.md

### What is the timeline for shutting down legacy Exchange online tokens?

> Microsoft begins turning off legacy Exchange online tokens starting February 17th 2025. From now until February 17th 2025, existing and new tenants will not be affected.  We'll provide tooling for administrators to reenable Exchange tokens for tenants and add-ins if those add-ins aren't yet migrated to NAA. See [Can I turn legacy tokens back on?](#can-i-turn-exchange-online-legacy-tokens-back-on) for more information.

Reviewer: > We'll provide tooling for administrators to reenable Exchange tokens

"We've provided tooling.."?

Author: fixed

| Date     | Legacy tokens status |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| Feb 17th, 2025 | Legacy tokens turned off for all tenants. Admins can reenable legacy tokens via PowerShell. |
| Jun 2025 | Legacy tokens turned off for all tenants. Admins can no longer reenable legacy tokens via PowerShell and must contact Microsoft for any exception. |
| Oct 2025 | Legacy tokens turned off for all tenants. Exceptions are no longer allowed. |

#### What happens on February 17th?

> Microsoft will begin deploying a change to all users worldwide in Microsoft 365 tenants that will turn off the issuance of legacy Exchange online tokens. The deployment will take several weeks to deploy to all users. If an Outlook add-in requests a legacy Exchange token, and token issuance is turned off, the add-in will receive an error. Outlook add-ins that still request legacy Exchange Online tokens will be broken by this change. Please note that even after legacy tokens are turned off, already issued legacy tokens will continue to be valid for approximately 24 hours.

Reviewer: > will continue to be valid for approximately 24 hours

This is incorrect. People can easily see the lifetime of those tokens. No callback token has lifetime of 24 hours, not even close. These are the actual lifetimes:

Tokens that we cache locally in the client:
user identity token (TTL = 60 mins)
makeEwsRequestAsync token (TTL = 15 mins)
 
Tokens that we DO NOT cache locally in the client:
scoped token  (TTL = 5 mins)
rest token (TTL = 15 mins)

> Note that since the change is applied per user, and deployed over several weeks, you could see some user’s affected while others are not. If you need to opt out of this change, see [Can I turn legacy tokens back on?](#can-i-turn-exchange-online-legacy-tokens-back-on)

Reviewer: typo: user's -> users

Author: fixed

You can determine if the signed-in user has an Exchange Online account or on-premise Exchange account by using the [Office.UserProfile.accountType](/javascript/api/outlook/office.userprofile) property. If the account type property value is **enterprise**, then the mailbox is on an on-premises Exchange server. Note that volume-licensed perpetual Outlook 2016 doesn’t support the **accountType** property. To work around this, call the [ResolveNames](/exchange/client-developer/web-service-reference/resolvenames-operation) operation in Exchange Web Service (EWS) in the Exchange on-premise server to get the recipient types.

## How do I deploy my add-in to Microsoft AppSource

> If you are publishing a new add-in to Microsoft AppSource, it will need to go through a certification process. For more information, see [Publish your Office Add-in to Microsoft AppSource](../publish/publish-office-add-ins-to-appsource.md). If you are updating the manifest of an add-in that is already published in Microsoft AppSource, you need to go through the certification process again. You can update the add-in's source code on your web server any time without a need to go through the certification process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're publishing a new add-in to Microsoft AppSource, it will need to go through a certification process. For more information, see [Publish your Office Add-in to Microsoft AppSource](../publish/publish-office-add-ins-to-appsource.md). If you're updating the manifest of an add-in that is already published to Microsoft AppSource, you need to go through the certification process again. You can update the add-in's source code on your web server any time without a need to go through the certification process.
```

If you're add-in uses SSO through NAA, your add-in must be in compliance with the following publishing guidelines.

- [1000.3 Authentication options](/legal/marketplace/certification-policies#10003-authentication-options)
- [1120.3 Functionality](/legal/marketplace/certification-policies#11203-functionality)

Be sure to handle admin consent properly. See [Publish an add-in that requires admin consent for Microsoft Graph scopes](../publish/publish-nested-app-auth-add-in.md)

> Also important details here for new or updated add-ins. See Make your solutions available in Microsoft AppSource and within Office - Marketplace publisher | Microsoft Learn

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more important details, see [Make your solutions available in Microsoft AppSource and within Office](/partner-center/marketplace-offers/submit-to-appsource-via-partner-center).
```

> If you update your add-in (change the manifest) you need to go through the certification process again.

Reviewer 2: Does this line need a link? It seems something is missing here and on the next line. They seem out of place.
